gh-69093: Add mapping protocol support to sqlite3.Blob (#91599)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2022-04-14-01-00-31.gh-issue-69093.bmlMwI.rst

> Add :term:`mapping` support to :class:`sqlite3.Blob`. Patch by Aviv Palivoda

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add indexing and slicing support to :class:`sqlite3.Blob`. Patch by Aviv Palivoda
```
